=encoding utf-8

=head1 NAME

goldendict - a feature-rich dictionary lookup program

=head1 SYNOPSIS

 goldendict

=head1 DESCRIPTION

B<Goldendict> is a cross-platform and international dictionary written
in Qt.

=head1 Features

=over

=item *

Use of WebKit for an accurate articles' representation,
complete with all formatting, colors, images and links.

=item *

Support of multiple dictionary file formats, namely:

=over

=item *

Babylon .BGL files, complete with images and resources

=item *

StarDict .ifo/.dict./.idx/.syn dictionaries

=item *

Dictd .index/.dict(.dz) dictionary files

=item *

ABBYY Lingvo .dsl source files, together with abbreviations.
The files can be optionally compressed with dictzip. Dictionary
res-urces can be packed together into a .zip file.

=item *

ABBYY Lingvo .lsa/.dat audio archives. Those can be indexed
separately, -r be referred to from .dsl files.

=back

=item *

Support for Wikipedia, Wiktionary, or any other MediaWiki-based
sites to perform lookups in.

=item *

Ability to use arbitrary websites as dictionaries via templated
Url patterns.

=item *

Hunspell-based morphology system, used for word stemming and
spelling suggestions.

=item *

Ability to index arbitrary directories with audio files for
pronunciation lookups.

=item *

Full Unicode case, diacritics, punctuation and whitespace folding.
This means the ability to type in words without any accents,
correct case, punctuation or spaces (e.g. typing 'Grussen' would
yield 'grüßen' in German dictionaries).

=item *

Scan popup functionality. A small window pops up with the
translation of a word chosen from another application.

=item *

Support for global hotkeys. You can spawn the program window at
any point, or directly translate a word from the clipboard.

=item *

Tabbed browsing in a modern Qt 5 interface.

=back

=head1 LICENSE

Copyright (c) 2008-2009 Konstantin Isakov L<ikm@users.berlios.de>

This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or
(at your option) any later version.

This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the
GNU General Public License for more details.

=head1 HOMEPAGE

http://goldendict.org/

=head1 BUGREPORTS

For bugreports into upstream use GitHub
issue L<https://github.com/goldendict/goldendict/issues/>.

If You use goldendict under Debian, You can submit a bugreport onto Debian
Bug Tracking System (BTS).
For additional information use the link: L<https://www.debian.org/Bugs/>.

This manpage was written by Dmitry E. Oboukhov L<unera@debian.org> for
Debian project.
