=pod

=head1 NAME

Launchy - smart search launcher utility

=head1 SYNOPSIS

launchy [options]

=head1 DESCRIPTION

Launchy is a cross-platform utility designed to help you forget
about your start menu, the icons on your desktop, and even your
file manager.

Launchy indexes the programs in your start menu and can launch
your documents, project files, folders, and bookmarks with just
a few keystrokes.

Once Launchy has been started, it hides in the background. You
bring it forward by holding the Ctrl and the Space keys. You can
then type in a few keys of the program you are searching for and
hit enter once it has been found. You can also make Launchy
dissappear again by hitting the Escape key or Ctrl+Space.

Launchy allows you to add additional command line parameters to
the selected launch. Simply hit Tab key once you have found the
application you are interested in and then enter the parameters.

When the input text area is empty, press the down arrow key and
Launchy will display a history of the commands entered previously.
You can scroll up and down the list and press Enter key to repeat
the command. Pressing Shift+Delete instead will remove the item
from the history.

=head1 OPTIONS

-exit
	Attempt to close any running instances of Launchy.

-multiple
	Allows more than one instance of Launchy to be run.

-options
	Shows the options dialog.

-rescan
	Rescan the catalog.

-rescue
	Resets Launchy's position to the center of the screen
	and selects the default skin.

-show
	Shows Launchy's window (default is to launch hidden in
	most cases). Can be used as a way to active Launchy from
	a shortcut.

If -multiple is not used and Launchy is already running, then the
command will be sent to the running instance of Launchy.

=head1 KNOWN ISSUES

Not all skins will work with Linux builds of Launchy. If you're
running a compositing manager (compiz or beryl) then the skins
should look the same as in Windows. Otherwise, you will have to
settle for the skins that look good without alpha transparency
(like Default and Black Glass).

If the black area of mask.png is perfectly rectangular then, for
some reason, compiz won't mask it correctly and you will have a
strange black section around the skin.

=head1 SEE ALSO

Launchy homepage "L<http://www.launchy.net>"

=head1 AUTHOR

Launchy authors are Josh Karlin, Simon Capewell and others.

This manual page was written by Ricardo Mones for the Debian
project (and may be used by others).

